hey guys Disney collector here with this
brand-new were grand prix LEGO DUPLO
playsets it comes with Lightning McQueen
can Jeff Corvette let's see what we have
in this box set for bet parts for the
playset libel parts Lightning McQueen
and a little flyer so let's start with
the part here's the base with the times
and all you do is connect this is a
Hudson Hornet piston cup McQueen from
cars to here's all painted very nice
details all over this McQueen now moving
on to the depth or back the base with
the tires and the top you're just click
and there it is you have your Jeff
Corvette he has nice little logos on the
sides in the back as well and his all
painted so here's the package with most
hippolyta fun
so first we're gonna build the finish
line
and now we're gonna build the little gas
station
and jafrabad is coming in for service
you ready
he needs to fix his tires and get some
gas now he's ready to race
looks like Lightning McQueen wants to be
ready for the race as well but all he
needs is gas and he's ready you can deal
with a lot of things with this playset
and I love that everything is painted
there is no stickers here even the World
War II sign is painted
and there it is we have a little
winner's podium so who's the winner
let's see if Lightning McQueen fits he
fits perfectly and he looks great on
this winner's podium Jeff Grabbe who
also fit inside well guys thanks for
watching this video and stay tuned for a
lot more level right here on Disney
collector